[1.21] Add most remaining schema documentation (#1567)
Shadows-of-Fire/Apotheosis: schema/affix/effect/ThunderstruckAffix.md

# Description

> The ThunderstruckAffix is a powerful combat affix that applies lightning damage to enemies near the target when you attack. When a player attacks with a weapon that has this affix, it deals additional lightning damage to all nearby enemies (not just the target being hit).

Author: ```suggestion
The ThunderstruckAffix is a powerful combat affix that applies lightning damage to enemies near the target when you attack. This damage bypasses armor.
```

# Dependencies
This object references the following objects:
1. [Affix](../Affix.md)
2. [AffixDefinition](../AffixDefinition.md)
3. [LootCategory](../../loot/LootCategory.md)
4. [LootRarity](../../loot/LootRarity.md)

> 5. [StepFunction](../../../../../../Placebo/blob/-/schema/StepFunction.md)

Author: ```suggestion
1. [AffixDefinition](../AffixDefinition.md)
2. [LootCategory](../../loot/LootCategory.md)
3. [LootRarity](../../loot/LootRarity.md)
4. [StepFunction](../../../../../../Placebo/blob/-/schema/StepFunction.md)
```

        "weapon"
    ],
    "values": {
        "rare": {
            "min": 2.0,
            "max": 4.0
        },
        "epic": {
            "min": 4.0,
            "max": 6.0
        },
        "mythic": {
            "min": 6.0,
            "max": 10.0
        }
    }
}
```

## Powerful Thunderstruck Affix
A more powerful thunderstruck affix that deals high lightning damage and is available for both melee and ranged weapons.

```json
{
    "type": "apotheosis:thunderstruck",
    "definition": {
        "affix_type": "ability",
        "exclusive_set": [
            "apotheosis:fire_damage",
            "apotheosis:ice_damage",
            "apotheosis:cleaving"
        ],
        "weights": {
            "summit": {
                "weight": 5,
                "quality": 1.2
            },
            "pinnacle": {
                "weight": 8,
                "quality": 1.5
            }
        }
    },
    "categories": [
        "weapon",
        "bow",
        "crossbow"
    ],
    "values": {
        "epic": {
            "min": 8.0,
            "max": 12.0
        },
        "mythic": {
            "min": 12.0,
            "max": 20.0
        }
    }
}

> ```

Author: ```suggestion
```json
{
    "type": "apotheosis:thunderstruck",
    "categories": [
        "apotheosis:melee_weapon",
        "apotheosis:trident"
    ],
    "definition": {
        "affix_type": "ability",
        "exclusive_set": [],
        "weights": {
            "quality": 0.1,
            "weight": 25
        }
    },
    "values": {
        "apotheosis:epic": {
            "min": 3.0,
            "max": 6.0,
            "step": 1.0
        },
        "apotheosis:mythic": {
            "min": 4.0,
            "max": 8.0,
            "step": 1.0
        }
    }
}
```
```
